Juan Guarnizo asks his moderators
to ban when they announce in their chat that
El Rubius released a skin in Fortnite. I don't give a
damn. Mods have
every right to contribute today in a
somewhat radical way. I don't care
at all at this moment about what's
happening in other live streams. I don't
care at all about what's happening in
other live streams. Then when the live stream is over
I'll see things or if not tomorrow
after the game or before the game I'll
react to things okay but I don't give
a damn about what's
happening at this moment in any
other live stream, no matter who the person is. I
ask you please.
We are here for the Pokémon thing and I
can't do anything and there are
Juan's followers because they have
shared it in a group that is
telling me places that belong to Juan that
are giving me the [ __ ] shitty note
this is a lie since minute 012 of the
live Juan says that they will see it after
the tournament and asks his moderators to
act because they asked to see Aldo's click
in Korea. Aldo's thing is not an
announcement that  is what Juan is mentioning
or that he has announced something okay here
Juan is talking about an announcement from
someone who is announcing something Ching